#Core team sync,
12.09.2018

##Participants
* Alexander
* Bjørn
* Sindre
* Jakob
* Hodo
* Anine
* Rebecca

##Agenda
* Tech updates from core team and Samson 
* Codeathon
- The agenda/plan (see attached)
- Breakout sessions/deep dives
- Core team member sign up to bounded contexts/team formation
- Review of core team feedback (see attached)
- Plan moving forward: new meeting? 
- Adding to events
* AOB

##Tech updates
* Alexander has started working on the design for alerts and functionality for codeathon.
* Several mentioned worries that the volunteers won't feel "coordinated" enough due to lack of issues. Worried that people spend a lot of time trying to find
solutions. This is time consuming - is it useful? Many agree that the codeathon discussions are of use. Coreteam might not be in roles where they can programme
lots, but rather in guidance to others in their team. 
- Defining of issues can also occur within the teams during the codeathon. Not everything needs to be designed from above – it is in the discussions that
volunteers get ownership of their ideas and the creation process.

#The role of the core team during codeathon will be as the heads of teams. 
- Each member signs up as the lead of a bounded context which they then coordinate during codeathon. Each team should also have a domain expert. It would also be great if each core team
member can go through and clean up some of the issues within their bounded contexts in preperation for codeathon.


##ROLES:

* Bjørn volunteer reporting/Sindre - user management (collaboration)
- Dolittle: can we split data collectors from users in the BC? How do the user roles work? Can we delete user management? How would this work?
- What happens if we remove a bounded context (e.g. user management). Can user management fit into another bounded context?
- Users can currently access the system and as such it works "without" user management - do we then need the BC? Don't we already have what we need? 
- The idea from dolittle's side is that if you make a change (e.g. the name of a BC) it will be considered as something brand new in the system. A change therefore becomes a
new "thing" and the old is deleted (? is this correct?)
##To be discussed at codeathon + dolittle need to have an internal discussion on this. Sindre will follow up! 

* Reporting: invited data analysts

* Alerts:Karoline

* Admin: Hodo
- The admin BC is a little undefined still. Names used within BC are unclear and it is difficult to understand what it is and does. It is a compilation of everything “project-y” (e.g. health
risks, new languages, user roles). Could languages and messages be its own bounded context? Or is it best that everything without a “home” falls under the
admin BC? Is admin taking in to much? A way to split it is to have “project BC” which contains health risks and languages.
- Currently, admin also contains all the roles – should these be split? Do they need to be under admin? To be discussed at codeathon!
- Does it need redesigning (name changes)? Could use a bit of an update on design!
- Also, when data collectors are in training, should they have their own test-environment where reports are registered? Can we note when a volunteer is “in training”?

* SMS Proxy
- Not really a bounded context yet and thus not very central for codeathon. When started it should include SMS eagle, trillo and cisco reps.

* Infrastructure: Einar

* Flow diagram:Rebecca
- Before codeathon we should have a flow chart which explains the whole system and how it all flows and hangs together. Rebecca can make online and ask for input. If completed, it
could be printed out and hung up during the codeathon. It was very beneficial to do the event mapping together, so this could also be a good exercise for us
to wrap our heads around everything before the codeathon. Should begin at the beginning – Hodo has experience with this.

##Dolittle:
* Are focusing on creating the basis for a good user experience during the codeathon. Plan to ensure that volunteers have enough documentation to get started, including quick start
films and documents. NorCross will likely not have to feed in/adapt these to become CBS specific prior to the codeathon. 

##Codeathon agenda
* Core team to come at 2 pm 
* Do we need skills labs for GitHub etc? No, best to take it in the teams and google it!
* No requests for change in programme – nice to have enough time to get things done

#Role of designers
* Last time designers were a bit isolated. We now think it would be best if there is a designer in each team. Hodo will try to look at issues for
designers. Designers also need to be part of creating their own tasks in dialogue with their teams and the core team. 

#Actions : 
* Core team members to familiarise themselves with the issues within their representative BCs
* Dolittle to discuss the user management bounded context 
* Rebecca to make flow diagram, everyone to provide input
* Dolittle to update and keep us in loop of system updates + documentation
* Hodo to look at issues for designers
