#Core team sync,  
19.09.2018  
   
##Participants  
* Alexander  
* Bjørn   
* Jakob  
* Hodo  
* Karoline
* Samson
* Rebecca  

*Discussion: Do we want to split admin? Yes, but having many bounded contexts can become difficult. Admin is a difficult context to understand for new volunteers. How to present this at codeathon? 

*Codeathon needs to be used to figure out issues 
*Event storming online is difficult, even for core team. How do we solve this for new volunteers? A lot is left out because we don’t understand it. The exercise uncovers a lot.
*Concern: what to do with issues? Should participants help out with creating issues? Core team helps them to get in touch with the right people to detail the issues. Karoline was hoping issues would be done already. Creating issues is good, but takes time away from programming. This codeathon will be a bit like the first codeathon. 
- Do field requests exist as issues, and have they been prioritized by the Red Cross? Samson to look at this
-	We are in a good place in regards to admin and user management, but reporting will have more discussions during codeathon.
- Some things can be issued now (things we know that we want), but other things can be issued during codeathon. Up to core team members on bounded contexts to decide.

* Rebecca and Samson to call everyone on monday, Alex on Wednesday 1 pm 

*	User stories provide context and giver more content than the post-its. Bring post its to codeathon, then each group can map out the realtime board together. Also, the technical requirement blueprint has good user stories and should be viewed by volunteers before/during codeathon (Rebecca will sort). It should also be added to GitHub frontpage.

*	Swap Karoline and Bjørn for BC (Bjørn – alerts, Karoline -  VR)

*	Alerts has a backlog of old issues which needs clearing up. Alerts is good for anyone with experience with event storming. Volunteer reporting and UM are better for those who want to sit down and code

* Discussion on Trello board vs GitHub vs Realtime board. Concern that there are too many things in too many places! When we don’t use GitHub we spread too much in different places, which makes it difficult to gather all the info needed to start working
- Alex will review trello board
-	Confusion between issues and events which makes it difficult for new volunteers to pick up new issues 
-	Move events to realtime board, delete trello and use github? 
-	Events overview page and events wiki to be closed?
-	Realtime board to capture events from event storming sessions and will be used as a means to capture an understanding of the system 
###Undecided - to be discussed again at a later time

* Should one person introduce all the bounded contexts? Karoline can take it all and point to the person who is in charge. Better flow this way. 

* Rebecca will invite everyone to join slack. When she does, we need to be active and say hi!

